Translation corrections (#185)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/tara_006.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>魅音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Mion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s17/03/110300261", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「へぇ……圭ちゃんから声かけられるの、久しぶりだよね～」",

> 			NULL, "\"Wow... It's been a long time since you've been the one who suggested that, Kei-chan.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Wow... It's been a long time since you've been the one to suggest that, Kei-chan.\"", Line_Normal);
```
